[examples] Added `with-couchbase` example (#27184)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-couchbase/README.md

## Example app using Couchbase

> [Couchbase](https://www.couchbase.com/) is The Modern Database for Enterprise Applications. This example will show you how to connect to and use Couchbase for your Next.js app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Couchbase](https://www.couchbase.com/) is a modern database for enterprise applications. This example will show you how to connect to and use Couchbase in your Next.js app.
```

```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

## Configuration

### Set up a Couchbase database

Set up a Couchbase database either locally or with [Couchbase Cloud](https://cloud.couchbase.com/sign-up).

Local installation can be accomplished through a variety of methods, but [Docker](https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/install/getting-started-docker.html) is the simplest.

After Couchbase is installed, set up a cluster by following [this tutorial](https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/manage/manage-nodes/create-cluster.html).

- _NOTE:_ the **eventing** and **analytics** services can be unchecked if memory is a constraint (this is often the case with docker and other local installations).

A variety of sample buckets can be installed to get up and running with a data model quickly.

### Set up environment variables

Copy the `env.local.example` file in this directory to `.env.local` (which will be ignored by Git):

```bash
cp .env.local.example .env.local
```

Set each variable on `.env.local`:

> - `COUCHBASE_USERNAME` - The username of an authorized user on your Couchbase instance

Reviewer: Note: It'd be great if there was an integration that took care of this for you 😄 

https://vercel.com/integrations#databases

Author: Will add this ASAP!

Reviewer: - https://vercel.com/docs/integrations
- https://github.com/vercel/example-integration

Let me know if you have any questions!
